{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\uc1
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype\uc1 \u-17388 ?\u-12075 ?;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Liberation Sans;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Courier New;}}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet
{\s7\fi-430\li720\sbasedon29\snext29 Contents 1;}
{\s8\fi-430\li1440\sbasedon29\snext29 Contents 2;}
{\s2\fi-430\li720 Arrowhead List;}
{\s28\fi-430\li720\sbasedon29 Lower Roman List;}
{\s30\tx431\sbasedon21\snext29 Numbered Heading 1;}
{\s9\fi-430\li2160\sbasedon29\snext29 Contents 3;}
{\s13\fi-430\li720 Diamond List;}
{\s10\fi-430\li2880\sbasedon29\snext29 Contents 4;}
{\s5\fi-430\li720 Bullet List;}
{\s31\tx431\sbasedon22\snext29 Numbered Heading 2;}
{\s32\tx431\sbasedon23\snext29 Numbered Heading 3;}
{\s33\fi-430\li720 Numbered List;}
{\s16\sbasedon29 Endnote Text;}
{\*\cs15\fs20\super Endnote Reference;}
{\s6\tx1584\sbasedon30\snext29 Chapter Heading;}
{\s36\fi-430\li720 Square List;}
{\s12\fi-430\li720 Dashed List;}
{\s23\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon29\snext29 Heading 3;}
{\s38\fi-430\li720 Tick List;}
{\s25\fi-430\li720 Heart List;}
{\s41\fi-430\li720\sbasedon33 Upper Roman List;}
{\s40\fi-430\li720\sbasedon33 Upper Case List;}
{\s17\fi-288\li288\fs20\sbasedon29 Footnote;}
{\s1\f0\fs20\lang1042 ?\u-14080 ? \u-11172 ?;}
{\s20\fi-430\li720 Hand List;}
{\s19\fs20\sbasedon29 Footnote Text;}
{\s21\sb440\sa60\f1\fs34\b\sbasedon29\snext29 Heading 1;}
{\s22\sb440\sa60\f1\fs28\b\sbasedon29\snext29 Heading 2;}
{\s11\qc\sb240\sa119\f1\fs32\b\sbasedon29\snext29 Contents Header;}
{\s24\sb440\sa60\f1\fs24\b\sbasedon29\snext29 Heading 4;}
{\s29\qj\f0\fs20\lang1042 Normal;}
{\s27\fi-430\li720\sbasedon33 Lower Case List;}
{\s3\li1440\ri1440\sa119\sbasedon29 Block Text;}
{\s34\f2\sbasedon29 Plain Text;}
{\s35\tx1584\sbasedon30\snext29 Section Heading;}
{\s26\fi-430\li720 Implies List;}
{\s4\fi-430\li720 Box List;}
{\s37\fi-430\li720 Star List;}
{\*\cs18\fs20\super Footnote Reference;}
{\s39\fi-430\li720 Triangle List;}
{\s14\fi-288\li288\sbasedon29 Endnote;}}
\kerning0\cf0\ftnbj\fet2\ftnstart1\ftnnar\aftnnar\ftnstart1\aftnstart1\aenddoc\revprop3{\*\rdf}{\info\uc1}\deftab720\viewkind1\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\widowctrl
\sectd\sbknone\colsx360\footery981\margtsxn1984\margbsxn1700\marglsxn1700\margrsxn1700\pgncont\ltrsect
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qc\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs28\b\lang1042{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Assignment 2 for csci580}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1042{\*\listtag0}\line }{\s29\f0\fs28\b\lang1042{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qj\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1042{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \line Your assignment is to produce a working scan converter based on the files you're given below.  The API calls in rend.cpp *must* be provided just as they are outlined.  Remember to interpolate Z and do Z-buffer testing on each pixel write to the Display.\line \line     *** Changes in the API are discouraged ***\line \line Your application may include additional calls to the renderer that provide extensions to the required API functionality, but the standard application must still work without modification.\line \line Your renderer }{\s29\f0\fs24\b\lang1042{\*\listtag0}will link in your}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1042{\*\listtag0} }{\s29\f0\fs24\b\lang1042{\*\listtag0}display code from HW1}{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1042{\*\listtag0}.  If your display code is not yet correct, you'll have to complete it since you need it now.\line \line There are several other files there that may be useful. }{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1042{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qj\s29\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1042{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch \line - Gz.h : Global definitions\line - Application2.cpp : new application that calls for your rend.cpp functions\line - rend.cpp : new skeleton file with API definition and comments\line - pot4.screen.asc : the Utah teapot triangle data transformed for scan conversion\line - pot4.ppm : the result of running "app2 <pot4.screen.asc >pot4.ppm"\line \line The result images are made into a 256x256 window to save disk space.\line Do not change the resolution/size of your display image since the transformation \line is precomputed for that size.  \line \line NOTE - your background color may be different than mine.  That's not\line important.  It's not part of the API.  (...although it could be, right?) }{\s29\f0\fs24\lang1042{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\qj\sl240\slmult1\itap0{\f0\fs20\lang1033{\*\listtag0}\par}}